add this to your website for instant seo
boost
i added this to my website and i
increased my time on site by 128
the longer people stay on your website
it tells google that people like your
site they find it valuable and that
google should consider ranking it higher
this one thing also increased my
backlink account by 24
453 referring domain names that's a lot
of backlinks the more links you have the
higher you will rank over time
and best of all i added 240
392 visitors from google a month just
from one simple keyword and keep in mind
that through seo not paid advertising
that's seo which means i didn't pay for
that traffic
and here's a cool thing you can do the
same exact thing on your website just
like i did and can you guess how i did
it
i added a free tool to my website it's
called ubersuggest
and if you think about uber citiz if you
haven't checked it out go to
ubersets.com or neilpatel.com ubersess
forces the same url
and when you put in your website or a
keyword it gives you all this seo data
such as how popular a keyword is or how
much it costs per click or
how much traffic a website is getting or
who's linking to it
now with this tool a lot of people
charge a hundred dollars a month for a
lot of the features that i give away for
free sure there's paid plans on uber
says but the majority of the features
are for free
now do you get the value here most
people charge a hundred dollars a month
i charge zero for most the features
it doesn't matter if my product is
better or worse than theirs and i'm not
saying it is better or worse
but when people look at it they say
hundred dollars or zero
zero creates a lot of traffic and
backlinks because a lot of people
majority of the people don't want to pay
money
so how do you generate similar results
especially if you don't have a budget
like me to hire developers and designers
and product people well there's this
site called code canyon check it out
coke canyon has tools on everything real
estate there's tools for that car
industry there's tools for that storage
industry there's tools for that as well
there's tools for literally every
industry heck if you're competing with
me in the seo industry or digital
marketing industry there's tons of tools
for that on code canyon and they'll sell
you these tools anywhere from usually 10
to 50
and what you do is you download the tool
it's white label you add your own logo
to it you upload it to your server it's
on your website now and over time
whether you promote the tool hard or not
or just link to it a few times on social
media and linked in your navigation over
time what you'll find is the tool will
be one of the most popular pages on your
site it'll naturally get backlinks it'll
naturally get social shares and it'll do
well
and when that tool gets all that
authority remember that tools on your
site your domain so it's actually
boosting the overall authority for the
whole site so that means if you have
this blog article on dog food or seo or
marketing or dentist it makes your whole
site rank higher
that's a trick that's what you need to
do if you need help with your seo
strategy or more tactics like this and
need help implementing it check out my
ad agency np digital or if you just have
any questions or need help leave a
comment below i'm here to help you out
make sure you like rate this video thank
you for watching